Oh no!
You're out of tune.
Completely out of tune.
-What's up, Maestro?
-A lifeless voice can't sing in tune.
Sounds like she has a sore throat.
-What's wrong, Kiran?
-She needn't say. I know it all.
All these girls do nowadays is to
roam till late at nights with friends.
She has shouted her voice hoarse.
And they'll eat whatever they like.
Is that a sign of love for music?
-That's going to get you nowhere.
-Please do not say so, maestro.
Tell us Kiran, d'you or don't you
want to master classical music?
You must devote yourself
completely to your lessons.
I'll be back after a few days.
Get over the sore throat by then.
Greetings, Sir.
-Does he have a problem with me?
-Never mind the daily dramatics.
Have you got the tickets
to the New Year's party?
A pack of biscuits and a
bread. Need anything more?
-No thanks. How much was that?
-Fifteen bucks.
Rohit Kumar, your neighbor upstairs,
screams his head off all day.
-Aren't your ears sore already?
-That's him rehearsing music.
And he loves music. Besides,
I am not irked to complain.
For God's sake!
How come you're so busy with your
accounts so early in the morning?
Won't you sit down to a cuppa?
-Woe beside!
Rohit Kumar hasn't
paid me in 3 months now.
He gets me to make him new
dresses every now and then.
But just doesn't bother
to pay for the stitching.
He owes me a large sum too.
But I just can't complain.
Hey Kanhaiya! Come
over for a cup of tea.
Give it a rev.
It's all your fault.
You've given the house to a
tuppence worth of a singer on rent.
All you have for yourself
is a room in the backyard.
Has he paid the rents yet?
He'll pay up in due
course. Fine fellow.
How are you, Rohit?
-Hello, good morning.
-Good morning.
-Come over here, Qasim.
-In a moment.
-I'm ravenous.
-What can I get you?
-2 fried eggs, buttered toasts, jam,
a special cup of tea. -Coming up.
Mister Rohit kumar.
Hello, Mr. Jamshed. How d'you do?
Forget niceties. Talk cash.
Some bills are due
for a couple of months.
Today's the first of the month.
I'll settle your account on 30th.
Very well... er... what
did you say? By the 30th?
-Exactly. How many days between
the 30th and the first? -One day.
-He's making a fool out of Jamshed.
-That's right.
Didn't you have a show
last night? How did it go?
-It was a riot! -Was it then?!
-The crowd went berserk as I sang.
And the girls were crazy about me.
There was this girl
who caught my eye.
She has beautiful
eyes and a pretty face.
-Fabulous! What happened later?
-She left after the program ended.
If she comes into my life, I'll
write the best songs on earth.
Dream you may. But everyone
cannot become Elvis.
Shut up Moolchand. You're a grocer.
What d'you know about music?
Someday Rohit Kumar will make the
greatest singer in our country.
-Cheers.
-Cheers... cheers.
No one even bothers to listen.
Look... it's Mehra. He's counting
the proceeds of the show last night.
-He made 50 to 60,000 last night.
-And we don't get a penny of it.
Happy New Year, Mr. Mehra.
What's so special about a New Year?
Just another day and another night.
Oh yes. But it was a grand
show last night, wasn't it?
-Well, average, I'd say.
-Average, d'you say? -About that.
-There! Look at the pile you made
last night. -What are you up to?
It's all because of me, Sir.
People come here to hear me sing.
That's how you sake in the moolah.
D'you take yourself for a star...
...just because I've put up
a couple of your portraits?
-You see, Sir. I am...
-You should be grateful to me!
Grateful for letting you sing
before such a large gathering!
Minstrels like you roam
the streets a dime-a-dozen.
And no one would even
care to give you tuppence.
You ingrate!
-Hii. -What?
How dare you misbehave! You come
here to sing. Not to chase girls!
I'm not chasing her,
Sir. I was just...
-I'd like to learn how to sing
from you. -From me?
And, you wrote such a beautiful
song. I'm crazy about your song.
I can't think of anything else.
I couldn't sleep last night after
your show. I kept humming the tune.
-Neither did I sleep after the
show last night. -Why?
It is a new tune that
kept me up all the night.
Would you like to hear it?
Of course.
Hold this.
Fantastic. Wonderful.
Such a beautiful song!
So romantic.
Songs like that are what I'd
like to sing. Not the classicals.
Please teach me how to
sing a song like that.
I'll work hard at it.
-No problem.
-Great.
"The king fell in
love with the queen;"
"From the very first glance
sprang his very first love."
"The hearts of both were wounded
by an arrowed glance that
breached the hearts' walls."
"The king fell in
love with the queen...
from the very first glance
sprang his very first love."
"The hearts of both were wounded
by an arrowed glance that
breached the hearts' walls."
"The king fell in
love with the queen..."
"Yet in finding the path,
in discovering an embrace,
neither their path nor
their embrace is assured."
"This often happens;
the buds of desire,
blossoming, do not flower."
"Even so,
who knows why it did not obey..."
who knows why it did not obey...
the mad heart grew
uncontrollably restless."
"The king fell in
love with the queen;"
"To Look at the queen;
meeting her gaze,
she hid her eyes (for shame)."
"What else could she do;
bowing her head,
her bangles began to twirl."
"Such was the spell
that the king cast..."
that the king cast...
even as she demurred,
she consented."
"The king fell in
love with the queen;"
"From the very first glance
sprang his very first love."
"The hearts of both were wounded
by an arrowed glance that
breached the hearts' walls."
Why don't we get married, Kiran?
What?!
I'm serious.
I've never thought about it.
-I've only think about one thing.
-What?
Music and my career.
I want to make the
greatest singer of the land.
-That'll be difficult.
-Why?
Because that status has been
booked for me a long while ago.
Kiran.
What could be better
for both of us?
We travel towards same goals. And
we could reach our goal together.
Tell me... will you marry me?
What brings you here?
He's a famous singer.
So you are a singer, are you?
Actually, I'm a composer.
I write the songs I sing.
Classicals?
-Not classicals. I sing lighter tunes.
-How light?
-I don't think you understand.
-Please help me too.
I sing songs that strike
a chord in the heart.
And where do you sing such songs?
Presently, I sing at a hotel.
-At a hotel?
One might as well sing at a hotel
as go around with a begging bowl.
As with wandering minstrels who
collect pence in tips if at all.
Enough. I have not come
here to discuss my careers.
So, what brings you here?
Excuse me, Kiran.
Stop, Rohit!
Listen to me...
Rohit... Please Rohit.
I didn't invite Rohit
so you might insult him.
D'you take me for a fool? A look at
him and I know why you invited him.
Stop being foolish. Your
marriage has already been fixed.
-I'm in love with Rohit.
-Do you hear what she says?
You must consider the
consequences. This is not done.
The upbringing and education I've
given her all these years are a waste!
If you think so highly about my
upbringing and my education...
...you should respect
my decisions too.
I have a feeling that he's a
cunning fellow. He's ensnaring you.
-You're still an innocent girl.
-I'm no innocent, mother.
And what does that make of you?
I'm an artist.
And, he's an artist too.
You can't gauge our sentiments.
Don't I understand?
An artist my foot!
A Bremen-town musician!
A good for nothing vagabond!
And she wants to marry him!
You'll get to know about the
realities in life in no time!
Don't you come back crying later on.
Our doors will have closed for you.
Just as well that you told me all
this. It'll help me take my decision.
I'm going to marry Rohit.
Kiran... Kir...
Enough.
-I'll floor them at the audition today.
-May I accompany you?
It'll take me 2
minutes to get dressed.
Isn't the plumber
expected in today?
See you. Bye.
Thank you.
How are you going to climb four
stories in the condition you are?
But, this is your first recording.
And I wanted to be there with you.
I'm not recording for a film. Its
just a jingle for an advertisement.
When am I going to meet the right
people? When will I start working?
It's just a matter of a few more
months. What makes you so upright?
-Hello, Farida. Come in.
-What are you doing?
Nothing much. Just cooking.
-Like a cup of tea? -Why not?
-Is the tea brewed? -Yes.
I haven't seen you
around in 4 or 5 days.
-Have you been keeping well?
-Absolutely.
-What's the matter? You seem tense.
-Not at all. I'm perfectly fine.
How are your music
rehearsals going on?
I hardly find time outside household
chores. How am I to rehearse?
What of the career in music? Can you
immerse yourself so in the chores?
You must carve out some
time everyday for rehearsing.
Look at me... I must fetch Sonu
from school after I finish cooking.
I'll go and fetch Sonu... Yes.
I will. It doesn't really matter.
Thanks.
Hi, Kiran.
Will you please draw a bath for me?
Make it fast.
I've to attend a party.
-What party? -Oh, there's
something I'd like you to know.
-I've dumped the job.
-Why?
I had enough of Mehra's abuses.
Besides, I want to move upwards.
-What's more, I met Gulbadan
Kumar today. -Gulbadan Kumar?
Yes. He owns Prince Records. Its
really tough to get to meet him.
I walked into his office and sang
a few songs. He liked my voice.
He invited me to the party this
evening. Looks like I've made it.
Just press these clothes for me,
will you?
I'm coming with you!
What'll you do there?
-You'd get bored.
-No. I won't get bored.
-What about Sonu?
-Farida can put him to sleep.
All right. You can come along.
Get dressed in some good clothes.
Now. Take the clothes.
Press them quickly.
Congratulations, Mr.
Gulbadan Kumar.
Ever since your company was formed
music sales have grown manifold.
It's the grace
of The Divine Mother.
A double gold disc
for the music directors.
Someday I'll get mine too.
I've recorded my voice
on a cassette... Rohit!
I've recorded one of
my songs in a cassette.
Will you please give it
to Gulbadan Kumar?
All right.
Hows the good lady? I greet you
in the name of The Divine Mother.
-Hello. -I'm Rohit Kumar.
-Of course, Mr. Rohit Kumar.
-Greetings!
-Grand party. -It's modest really.
-Have you listened to my cassette?
-Yes I did. -Did you like it?
-Very nice.
-Thank you, Sir. Thank you, Sir.
Glory be to The Divine Mother!
Congratulations, Mr. Gulbadan!
You're raking in gold discs.
Let's pose for a photograph.
-You're the biggest of them all.
-Not at all. -Isn't it, now?
It's the two of you, Messrs Amar &
Kaushik who are the most well known.
That's the magic of our music.
We've defined 6 super hit films.
-Our critics are now silenced.
-Indeed. Indeed, Mr. Gulbadan.
You must listen to the music
we've scored for our next film.
We recorded a song yesterday.
Beautiful!
Which film is the song meant for?
Well... he's an upcoming
artiste. He's also a singer.
-Mr. Rahul Kumar.
-I'm Rohit Kumar, Sir.
Oh yes... Mr. Rohit Kumar.
-Do you sing?
-Yes, Sir.
I see. For whom have
you sung till now?
-Nothing special yet.
-Yes. Go on.
I want to sing for you.
-Of course.
-Thank you.
-Don't forget to give my cassette.
-Oh yes. But, stop it now, will you?
-Yes... what is it?
-I'm not only a singer.
I've written a few songs too.
-And what are you?
-A composer.
In a country like ours, just
about anyone can turn a composer.
Call me up on Monday. If your
voice is worth it, you're made.
I'll come over on Monday
after giving you a call.
-What more could you want?
Hail mother. -Mr. Gulbadan
Yes, Sir.
Why aren't you giving
him my cassette?
-I can't give the cassette now.
-Why?
It was so difficult getting an
audition for myself. -So what?
How can I ask them to
audition my wife too?
They'll think I'm trying to force
my family down their throats.
Please cheers for amar kaushik.
So, d'you feel that I'm
imposing myself upon you?
I never said that.
-That's what you meant! -I'm tired
and I don't want to get into a fight.
D'you mean to say that
I want to get into a fight?
Sonu is sleeping.
I'd only asked you to
hand over my cassette.
Was it so difficult?
I haven't heard what you've recorded.
I don't even know what's in it.
I don't know if
it's worth a hearing.
And, it was tough
getting an audition.
Must I lose a chance by
trying to push your cassette?
An hour ago, you loved my voice.
Now, it isn't worth auditioning!
I don't mean that.
-One must practice regularly to be
able to sing properly. -Practice.
Just another excuse! And I think
I understand you perfectly, Rohit.
You've been pursuing your career.
And all I get are flimsy excuses.
Please don't scream.
Why don't you say it plainly?
That I don't have the aesthetics.
That I should stop dreaming about
becoming a professional singer.
That's not what's
going to be, Rohit.
I won't give up! And you for one,
cannot break my resolve! Get that?
I don't know why Rohit is doing
this. He mustn't do this to you.
-It's wrong on his part. -We've
finished our homework, Mother.
May we go to play?
-Make sure you return soon.
-All right.
You have the right to a career. Why
don't you discuss it with Rohit?
What are you doing here?
I've been looking for you so long.
-I had to discuss some things
with Farida. -What?
Besides Sonu is getting on my
nerves. Who is to take care of him?
I have to go to a rehearsal. Where
are my clothes? How about some food?
-I'm coming over.
-And, where's the file of my songs?
I've been looking for it all
day. I just can't find it.
I'd brought it down with
me for my practice session.
Why don't you just sit over here
for the rest of the day practicing!
-I said I'm coming.
-Don't bother.
You can practice singing
for the rest of the day.
I'll feed myself at a restaurant.
-I'll look after the household too.
-Have I ever refused to do all that?
-What've you done? -Sorry, Mother.
-You've got my washing all dirty.
I've been at the laundry for 2 hours.
And I've asked you not to play here.
How many times have
I asked you not to play?!
What's up, Kiran?
Why did you beat him?
What has he done?
He won't listen to me. And now,
he's got the laundry all dirty.
I'm sick and tired of chorus
all day. I've gone out of my mind.
Kiran...
Kiran.
We tread upon the same path, Kiran.
What could be better for both of us?
Our destination is same.
We'll reach there together.
I am sorry sonu... sorry.
I love you.
Kiran...
Kiran.
Open up, quickly.
Come on, hurry up.
Make sure to remember
the day today.
We'll celebrate
this day every year.
This is the day
I've awaited forever.
The day on which
my career commences!
Today was the day! Amar-Kaushik were
left speechless after I auditioned.
I'm singing the first song
for Pawan Chopra's new film.
I'm leaving, Rohit.
And they said that if this song
passes the muster while recording...
...I'll get to sing all the songs
for the film. I'm recording tomorrow.
-Want to come along?
-I said I'm leaving.
-Where are you going?
-Here are the keys to the house.
These are the rationing cards...
and here are the bills for the month.
I've paid all the bills.
You'll find the balance of
the money in the cupboard.
Here's the electricity bill. Make
sure you pay it up by the weekend.
I'm leaving you.
Wait a minute! What are
you saying? What's happened?
-Have I done anything wrong?
-No, you haven't.
-What's it then? Tell me.
-Don't touch me!
-Just let me go. -But why are
you leaving? Say something!
Why don't you understand!
It isn't just an
isolated something.
It might be my mistake too.
-Something is happening to me.
-What's this with you?
-I don't know! -It's nothing more
than a figment of your imagination.
Please, let me go.
I must make a life for myself.
But this and here,
is what your life is!
No! This is your life,
only yours.
And I want to handle myself.
Else, I'll go out of my mind.
So you want to walk
out of this marriage.
But what of Sonu?
How can you walk out on him?
I love him.
But, he's better off without me.
Oh God! I don't believe this!
Kiran! Why are you doing this to me?!
I've just got my golden chance. And
here you are... walking out on me!
I need you, Kiran. If you stand by
me, I can even reach for the stars.
But you had told me that we'd
reach out for the stars together.
D'you feel that I'm trying to
stop you from becoming a singer?
You might dream of
becoming a singer.
But don't expect me to go around
singing false praises for you.
Look, I am sorry.
I lost my head. I agree that
both of us have made mistakes.
But that doesn't mean that you must
walk out of your home. Isn't that so?
We can always mend our
ways. Now, come in.
Now you're being stubborn.
Just like your parents.
-Don't drag my parents into this.
-Why not? You carry the same traits.
Now, are you going to
stop taunting my parents?!
Won't I! They haven't been able
to achieve anything in life.
And they're jealous of others.
And d'you think I'm jealous
of your success? -Yes!
Thank you very much.
I won't ever forget that.
I'd rather suffer my traits than
your taunts for the rest of my life.
Rohit...
Where has Kiran gone?
-What I should be asking you?
-Why me?
She used to spend more than half
her working hours in your company.
And the two of you must've more
than discussed my weak points.
Forget all that.
Kiran has left you.
-We must do something about it.
-Not "we". It's I who has to do.
And I'll do whatever must be done.
Rohit.
You must try to understand it now
or never. Kiran is very unhappy.
-And the fact is that...
-Fact remains that of the past 6 years...
...I've been trying heart
and soul to get a break...
...so that my career can take
off; so that my life shapes up!
After 6 long years, I get a break.
I'm slated to sing for Amar-Kaushik!
I took a cab home as soon as
I got to know; so that I could...
...share the greatest
moment of my life with her.
And she tells me that she's
walking out of my life.
What does it mean?!
She couldn't share the
greatest moment of your life.
-It's your life, after all.
-You're fantastic! Your fabulous.
That your husband deserted
you because you were unhappy...
...doesn't mean that every woman
is unhappy with her husband.
I haven't come here to discuss my
husband. I'm concerned about Kiran.
-You may keep your concern within
your confines. -I shall.
Before I leave, let me tell you that
you could never understand Kiran.
She is no petty woman to serve
as a part of your interior decor.
She had her own dreams. And it takes
courage for a woman to walk out.
Yes!
And it takes more to walk out on
a helpless child. Isn't that so?
Daddy... daddy... daddy... daddy.
-Why are you sleeping here?
-Oh... what? -And where's Mummy?
Ohh! God!
-Tell me... Where's Mummy?
-What's the time now?
The small hand is on 7.
And the big hand is on 3.
I'm going to be late
for the recording.
-Tell me, Daddy... where's Mummy?
-Wait a minute.
-You mother has gone to your aunt's.
-Which aunt?
-The one in Pune.
-Aunt Ratna lives there.
That's where she has gone.
-When is she going to come back?
-Very soon... in 3 or 4 days.
Now make a move.
I've got to get ready.
-Who's going to get me
ready for school? -I will, son.
-And, who'll pack my school bag?
-I will.
-Who'll take me to school?
-What about my breakfast?
-I... what do you eat for breakfast?
An omelette of 2 eggs, toast
with butter and Bournvita.
A dash of coriander... and onions.
Ever had one of my omelets?
-No.
-Try it today. You'll love it.
-You're cutting them in such
large chunks! -That's just fine.
Isn't this fun! Yes, it's fun.
Now, take a look at this...
a circus with one hand...
two eggs in one hand!
Now take a look at how
I break both eggs using one hand.
The eggs had soft-shells.
But never mind.
This place is perfectly clean.
What are you doing?
I'm not going to eat that!
-It has shells in it. -A few
shells will make the omelette crisp.
-Here go the onions...
and the chilies. -Not that way!
How else?
Mummy used to flip
the ingredients first.
What Mummy doesn't know...
...is that an omelette is an
omelette, flip or flap!
Eat it and you'll know. Later
on, I'll drop you at the school.
And afterwards, I'm off to
record my first song ever!
Your Daddy is going to
become a famous singer.
Daddy! Daddy!
-What's up? -The toast is burning!
-Oh no!
Oh no!
Well, never mind that.
You don't know a thing!
C'mon! Come on fast.
Go on in... hurry. Go inside.
-Who'll come to pick me up?
-I'll come.
Where are you going to wait for me?
I'll wait for you under this
tree, okay? Now go on inside.
-What if you don't turn up?
-I said I'll come. And, I will.
What if you're late?
I won't be late.
I'll be here on time.
What if you're still late?
If I am, you can
wait under the tree.
Okay? And wait for me.
Go on, now. Hurry.
Sunil!
-When does the school get over?
-No idea.
-Excuse me!
-Yes?
When does the junior
school get over?
-I'm that child's father.
-At 2 o'clock.
Thank you.
Thank you so much.
-I'm sorry to be late.
-Is this your idea of time?
You've turned a star even before
you've recorded a single song.
I got stuck in the traffic.
Never mind.
Sit inside and get the lines.
We'll record the
orchestra in the meantime
-Give him his lines, will you?
-Let's have another take.
Come on for the break in your life.
-We can fit the 16 tracks on to 12.
-Very well. Let's try.
We're ready, Mr. Pradeep.
Let's have the rhythm.
Silence! Silence!
Still waiting here? I'm afraid
we won't be recording you today.
-Sir?
-Increase the bass slightly.
-When will I record?
-After a couple of days perhaps.
Do keep calling to find out.
Okay.
I'm late by only half-an-hour.
Must you be so upset?
-You said you'd be here on time.
-I did. But I was so busy.
-What if someone kidnapped me?
-But no one did?
What if someone did?
I've told ten times that I'm sorry.
You must forgive
someone who apologizes.
Do you know the meaning
of the word "sorry"?
Sunil! Sunil!
What are you doing?
What's up?
This car run on batteries. It has a
horn. And, the headlights work too.
-So what?
-I'll forgive you if you buy me one.
What if I don't?
Won't you forgive me ever?
Had it been Mummy, she
would've got the car for me.
Ask your mother for one when she
comes back. Now, let's go. Come on.
-250 grams of lentil... anything else?
-A packet of tea.
-The Red Label, or the Yellow?
-Yellow. -Not Yellow. The Red one.
-Why? -Because Mummy used
to buy the Red Label.
Give me red.
A pack of soap and coconut oil.
-Can I have a chocolate?
-Take these upstairs.
Forgive me for asking this...
but I heard something. Is it true?
I heard that your wife left your...
...no, I mean to say that
she didn't care for you.
She didn't care for the child.
Nor her status!
-Let me have this package.
-Here.
And I didn't like her either.
She used to have this temper.
Have I asked you what you
liked or disliked about my wife?
-No, I mean...
-Have I asked for your opinion?
I come here to buy groceries. Not
to listen to your useless banter.
-Do you understand?
-Understood. Here's your stuff.
That's worth 300. The balance last
month was 350, totaling 650 bucks.
-And I've stopped giving credit.
-I'm not asking for it.
Here's your money. 550... and I'm
sending 100 bucks for you right away.
That's the credit.
When cameras flash
keep waiting you.
Walkman sound cracking
Toy moves to stop.
That time.
Nippo power will work.
Nippo...
-Is that all right, Mr. Manohar?
-Yes. Let's record it.
Thank you, Mr. Sharma for letting
my friend sing in the chorus.
No problem.
-She'll even sing a lead part
if you let her do it. -Of course.
Shall we proceed, Mr. Manohar?
Daddy! Daddy!
Take a look at this!
A letter from Mummy.
A letter from Mummy! Here!
-I see... it's addressed to you.
-Oh yes! It is.
Read it, quickly. And tell
me when Mummy is coming home.
-Read it aloud.
-Oh, yes.
"My dear Sunil..."
"You must be wondering where your
Mummy has gone all of a sudden."
"Let me explain this... sometimes
your Daddy had to leave home."
"And then, it was Mummy
who looked after you."
"Sometimes, when mothers leave,
fathers have to look after children."
"Your Mummy wants to make a
career for herself, Sunil."
"That's why I had
to leave your home."
"I may not live with you anymore.
But, you'll remain in my heart."
"Don't ever think that
Mummy will forget you."
"I remain your Mummy always.
And I'll love you always."
"Take care of yourself.
And, on your
way back from school everyday..."
Sunil!
"Blushing face, intoxication eyes
this ambience is enchanting."
"Tell me,
How do I live now?"
What do my heart do now?
That was marvelous. Ms. Vandana.
And you must concentrate, Rohit.
Yes, sir.
I want the right perspective
in your voice. -Yes, sir.
Don't sing in a stifled voice.
Open your voice up.
-"Blushing face"
-Excuse me, sir.
Sir..
That's my file, Sir. It contains
the songs I have written.
Don't be afraid.
We won't steal your tunes.
No! I didn't mean that.
Let's proceed with another take.
Let's have a rehearsal without
the music accompaniment.
"Blushing face, intoxication eyes
this ambience.."
That's a lot of crap! Let's have
some real voice. Haven't you eaten?
-Blushing face, intoxication eyes..
-"Blushing face.."
Face..
Blushing face..
-Go on... sing it.
-Yes, Sir.
-Face Blushing.
-"Blushing face.."
-Blushing face..
-Cut, cut cut.
Forget about turning a music
director and concentrate on singing.
-I'll ruin his happiness.
-Why! We have a composer!
Blushing face..
Pink, pink
-Go on.
-Yes, Sir.
Face..
Nonsense! Forget it.
Please sing his lines
for him, Ms. Vandana.
Blushing face, intoxication eyes
this ambience is enchanting.
-Well done, Ms. Vandana. Excellent.
-Did you get an idea of the tune?
-That's what I've been singing.
-Sing it properly! -Yes, Sir.
-Blushing face, intoxication eyes
-What nonsense.
What are you doing! You're out
of tune! What are you up to?!
-Please let me finish my lines.
-Shut up!
If you interrupt, you
can't appreciate the singing.
-Shut up!
-Please listen to me.
Bloody fool! Who
d'you think you are?
Stay within your limits!
Else I'll throw you out of here.
And, I'll banish you
forever from filmdom.
Will a singer in a night club to
teach me how to compose music?!
-Yes. I can.
-What! What was it you said?!
Oh yes! I'll teach you how
to score music right away.
That is, if you may
dare to listen to me.
Isn't this how you've composed it?
Blushing face, intoxication eyes
this ambience is..
Isn't that your song?
Now listen to this.
Please play along with me.
"Blushing face, intoxication eyes
this ambience is enchanting."
Tell me,
How do I live now?
What do my heart do now?
"Blushing face"
Get out!
What are you up to, Sunil?
Be quiet and eat your food.
Pick up your spoon.
Go on. Eat.
It's yucky.
It's bell plant and it's very
good for you. Go on, eat it.
-I don't like bell plants. -You do.
Aunt Farida has cooked it for you.
And you've eaten it earlier.
-What's all this black stuff in this?
-Onions. Now eat it.
-Onions give me stomachaches.
-Not at all.
And now start with the bread.
-It's Yucky.
-You mustn't call food "yucky".
Don't spit on your plate.
Where are your manners?
Go on. Eat it now. There...
I've removed the onions.
Daddy!
There's this chocolate ice-cream
you've brought. It's in the fridge.
Yes I know about the ice cream.
But, you won't get any of it.
You must finish your food first.
Only afterwards you may eat it.
Sunil! Where are you going?
Don't you open the fridge!
Now don't take the
ice-cream out of the fridge.
Can't you hear me? I'm getting
very angry with this now.
Don't take the ice cream.
I'm warning you, Sunil.
I'm warning you. Don't you
dare eat that ice cream.
Sunil.
Eat the ice-cream and you'll face
dire consequences. D'you understand?
Sunil!
Now! And let go of the chair.
You unmannered boy!
And stop screaming.
Mummy!
-I want to go to Mummy!
-Enough of it.
No food for you. Nor any ice
cream. You can go to sleep hungry.
I hate you. I won't
talk to you ever again.
I don't care.
I won't speak with you. Nonsense.
Sonu!
I'm sorry.
I'm also sorry.
Will you leave me and go away too?
Never.
But Mummy left me and went away.
That's because I'm a bad boy.
Is that what you think?
That isn't true.
Mummy loves you.
She didn't leave because of you.
She left because
I couldn't understand her.
I wanted her to do what all other
mothers do all their lives...
...tending the family
and doing household chores.
But she wanted to
do something else.
And she tried to reason with me.
But I was too involved
with my life and myself.
And do you know why she
stayed back so long with us?
That's because she loved you, son.
She didn't leave us because of you.
She left because of me.
Now, go to sleep.
Let's start a new
life from tomorrow...
you and me.
-Okay?
-Daddy.
Yes.
I love you.
I love you, Sonu.
"I am alone, you are alone"
"If you and I are together
then what's the pain?"
"You are my heart, you are my life"
"Oh I love you Daddy"
"You are innocent,
you are mischievous"
"But you love me Daddy"
"You are my heart, you are my life"
"Oh I love you Daddy"
"You are innocent,
you are mischievous"
"But you love me Daddy"
"Granted, you are little"
"But you are the
teacher of everyone"
"And with this mischief"
"You are the heart
and soul of everyone"
"To speak like this,
there are a thousand"
"But where is there
someone like you?"
"I am alone, you are alone"
"If you and I are together
then what's the pain?"
"You are my heart, you are my life"
"Oh I love you Daddy"
"You are innocent,
you are mischievous"
"But you love me Daddy"
"Believe this,
if tomorrow the whole world"
"Does not stand by me"
"Who then is the
companion of my journey?"
"I am, Daddy"
"Today how beautiful it seems"
"Our world, our moments"
"I am alone, you are alone"
"If you and I are together
then what's the pain?"
"You are my heart, you are my life"
"Oh I love you Daddy"
"You are innocent,
you are mischievous"
"But you love me Daddy"
"You are my heart, you are my life"
"Oh I love you Daddy"
"You are innocent,
you are mischievous"
"But you love me Daddy"
-Let's have another ride. -No.
I'm tired. Go on. Play by yourself.
You've changed so
completely, Rohit.
I only wish Kiran should've
seen you in these spirits.
-Don't talk about Kiran.
-Very well.
-Tell me the truth... don't you
ever think about her? -Not at all.
Look at me, Daddy!
-Don't do that, Sunil.
-No! It's my turn now!
Don't you think about your husband?
His case was quite different.
He had started having an affair.
Really? I had no idea. Who was it?
He had this girl in his office.
And my Romeo wanted
to bring her home.
What nonsense!
Look at me now, Daddy! I'm
coming down standing up!
-No, Sonu. What are you up to?
Get down. -I'll get him down.
What happened afterwards?
I told him he was
free to do what he liked.
But I wouldn't let go of the house.
It's for my children and me.
Daddy!
-No! Sonu!
-Watch your step, Sonu!
Daddy!
What's happened, Sonu?!
Take him to a hospital. Hurry!
Auto Rickshaw please.
Nothing's going to
happen to you, Sonu.
Daddy!
It's okay.
It's okay, Sonu.
I love you.
It's ok.
Good.
It's okay, Sonu.
I'll treat you to
ice creams afterwards.
"Let bygones be bygones"
"This is a new day with new hope."
She is good.
She is really good.
Thank you.
Excuse me, madam.
Hello.
I'm Ravinder Kapoor. I'm the chief
assistant director in RP Films.
-I see. -I have come here
for a sound transfer.
I saw your friend all of
a sudden. She's very good.
My director wants a smart girl as he
is about to shoot an important scene.
The role is that of a
friend to the leading lady.
You mean extras.
No. Not stand-by.
It's small character.
You don't know Mr. Kapoor.
Mr. Kapoor is very particular
abut the characters.
You mean Mr. Paresh Kapoor.
That's right. Mr. Paresh Kapoor.
-You must've seen his film last
year. -Yes. -It was a super hit.
It's still raking in royalties.
-How many days is she to work at it?
-It's only a day's shoot.
-But...
-How much money will she make?
2000. And I'll make sure she
gets 100 bucks as conveyance.
Please.
-I'll speak to her about it.
-Please do try. I'll wait for you.
Silence please.
Silence.
Full lights.
Start sound.
-Camera!
-9/3 take one.
Action.
I've dumped Sunju.
He says that I'm selfish.
He asked me why I went to
see a film when he was sick.
I couldn't bore myself sitting
by him all evening; now could I?
Have I done anything wrong?
Tell me, Anjali... have
I done anything wrong?
Cut it.
You were supposed to
deliver your lines.
Don't you remember your lines?
Will she be able to
deliver the lines?
Sir, sure she'll do it.
You wanted someone simple and
innocent. She'll deliver all right.
Didn't I tell you that I don't
know anything about acting?
Don't worry. You doing just fine.
Just keep remember your line.
9/3 take 4.
Action!
Tell me, Anjali...
What have I done wrong?
You haven't done the
right thing, Deepa.
D'you remember how anxious he
was when you had fallen sick?
He kept by you and cared
for you like a man possessed.
And you can't even
spare an evening for him!
You call that boredom.
The truth is that you've
never even understood Sunju.
He loves you very much.
Oh my God. This is too much.
She's going on saying
whatever she wants to.
Have you gone mad?
Cut it.
I'm sorry, Sir.
I'd told you earlier that
I know nothing about acting.
I tried it at my friend's instance.
I really want to become a singer.
Very well... you may sing some.
Sir?!
Yes, say something.
"There is no regret
in life without you."
"There is no regret."
Please listen to
the songs I've scored.
I've helped you already.
I introduced you to Amar
Kaushik. And you've disgraced me.
-They started misbehaving with me.
-Will they really misbehave?
-You see, Mr. Gulbadan.
-You see, Mr. Rohit...
I merely run a
small-time music company.
We only publish
records and cassettes.
I'm not a film producer.
Now, please excuse me.
-I'll be back in a minute.
-Please take your time.
One minute, Mr. Rohit.
I can help you sell your songs.
Amar Kaushik needs new tunes.
I'll get you 2000 for each tune.
-Here's my card. -So they get
the credit for my compositions.
Why bother about the credit?
No thank you.
You want me to give you a job
so you can walk out on me again.
That won't happen ever again.
I beg your pardon.
Please give me a chance.
"Never say goodbye"
"Keep singing always."
Dream of love
Beginning shot.
-Isn't that, Mrs. Kiran?
-Yes. She's Rohit Kumar's wife.
-She's made a heroine in films.
-She used to sing.
And now, she's up
to dancing in public.
Come quickly, Dad.
Take a look... over there.
It's Mummy's picture.
They put up the posters today.
I want to see Mummy's film. You'll
take me to see it, won't you?
You'll take me, won't you, Daddy?
Won't you, Daddy? Please tell me.
Amar Joshi.
How are we to see Mummy's film now?
It's a "house-full" show.
Let's go home.
I want to see Mummy's film! You'd
promised to show me Mummy's film.
I want to see Mummy's film at once!
Hurry up, Daddy.
How come you're here?
No one is allowed up here.
He wants to see how his
Mummy's film is projected.
I spoke to the manager.
-Is he Ms. Kiran's son?
-Yes.
Very well.
You can sit here and see it.
"Tell me... what
can you do for my sake"
"I'd get the sun, the
moon and the stars for you."
"I'd bring the heavens and earth
together for your sake."
What's the matter, honey?
I'd rather love a
straightforward fellow.
"You needn't bring the sun,
moon, nor the stars into this."
"I see love in your eyes."
"I see consent in your words."
"You can take your rotten son
back to America with you."
"Before you leave, try
some delicious Indian cakes."
Can you tell us how you are
feeling right now, Mrs. Kiran?
I'm happy to see that the audiences
have liked my performance.
Would you like to work
again with Paresh Kapoor?
Yes, of course.
Any plans for the future? What
kind of films would you like?
I haven't thought about it.
We hear that you are Mrs.
Kiran Kumar.
-It's said that you're married,
and that you have a son. Who said that?
Don't ask vulgar questions...
Please step aside.
Come along, Kiran. Let's go.
Mom!
Please stop him.
Driver stop the car.
Driver don't stop.
-Has Mummy forgotten me, Daddy?
-No. -Then why didn't she stop?
Why didn't she talk to me?
-Can I go to see her sometime?
-No. -Why not?
Did you see those stars?
They shine, merrily, but
they are far away from us.
Your Mummy is now like a star.
You can see her and long for her.
But you can't go anywhere near her.
Come on... Let's go home.
Then, my Mummy goes to a forest.
She comes across a huge
fellow in the forest.
My Mummy bashes him up.
-Go upstairs, Sunil.
-After a minute, please, Daddy.
Then the hero comes, and
sings a song with my Mummy.
-My mummy's very beautiful. -Really?
-She's more beautiful than yours.
Beautiful she is. But, she's
more stubborn than she's beautiful.
Why don't you go over to her,
patch up and bring her back?
If I go to her now, she'll think
that I've come because she's a star.
Forget her.
In any case, it was she who
left me. I didn't desert her.
-She can return if she wants to.
-And you're very stubborn too.
We've finished the cola.
Hey Moolchand!
-What's up? -2 Colas please.
-I've closed for the day.
Down the shutter.
-Open up if you've closed down.
-Am I to stay open all night for you?
If you're so interested, you
could walk a block to fetch it.
-Why don't you fetch some for us?
-Am I your servant?
-Forget him. He's an illiterate.
-What?! An illiterate, am I?!
Did you call me an illiterate?
Oh yes. I am an illiterate. And
I know exactly what I am. Unlike you.
You sing in a rotten nightclubs and
think you're no less than Elvis.
He calls me an illiterate! And he
sits drinking in front of his son.
You couldn't even take care of
your wife. And he is lording it over me!
You bloody! What did
you say about my wife?!
-No! Don't!
-What did you say about my wife?!
I'll break your face! I will!
-Let go! And you! Get lost!
-Don't you dare touch me!
Get lost?
-I will fix you.
-Go!
-Let's go! Just come back here...
and I'll show you! -Don't fight!
Go home, Moolchand!
And you're a strange fellow. Must you
pick up a fight with such a scum?
-Bad fellow! Come on, let's have
a drink. -No, he spoilt my mood.
Come home, Sunil.
Good night.
C'mon!
What's it with you, now?
Hey! I just fell down.
Let's squat here for sometime.
Why do you drink rum, Daddy?
What did you know about rum?
I know everything. Rum
is an alcoholic drink.
One day, a drunk came to
the gates of our school.
The kids at school were teasing
him and poking fun at him.
And everyone threw stones at him.
I don't want anyone to
make fun of you.
Do you love me so much?
I love you very much too.
I love you more than
anyone else on earth.
If you love me so much, you
must stop drinking.
Okay!
From now on, I won't drink.
Okay?
Hey, c'mon smile, smile.
Daddy I love you.
There's this fatso in our class.
Deven. He bullies everyone around.
He snatched Prakash's lunch box
away. I complained to the teacher.
Why complain? Box him in
the stomach. That'll do him right.
-Well, what will you do to him?
-I'll box him in the stomach.
C'mon now give daddy big hug.
Go on now. I'll be
back to take you home.
Rohit.
I was passing by when
I saw the two of you.
Sonu was looking quite cheerful.
I'd thought I'd call
you up sometime.
But I decided that it'd be
better if I met you personally.
How are you?
I'm fine, and I don't have much to
worry about. How have you been?
Autograph please. Autograph please.
Daddy!
-Are you very forlorn, Daddy?
-No, I'm not. Why do you ask?
Nothing particularly.
Are you thinking about Mummy?
Go to sleep now.
Good night.
Daddy I love you.
I love you too.
"My heart says, go, meet him!"
"I take a step;
I falter to a stop."
"Sometimes my heart
reasons with me;"
"sometimes I reason with my heart."
"My heart says, go, meet him!"
"I take a step;
I falter to a stop."
"Sometimes my heart
reasons with me;"
"sometimes I reason with my heart."
"How long we've been separated,
my beloved!"
"You look at me so and
my intentions are as nothing."
"The moon's wealth lies
in the moonlight's fame."
"But since losing you
it has seemed to me that
if you're not here,
there's nothing else (to life)."
"Do you know now how much,
in my heart of hearts, I regret?"
"Sometimes my heart
reasons with me;"
"sometimes I reason with my heart."
"How beautiful were those
days when we were together,
and your arms were
within my touch."
"In you, beloved, and you alone,
are my day and night."
"But you are so far above me,
my dearest darling."
"Now there is nothing binding us;"
it's not possible to get you back."
"Even thinking about it, I fret."
"Sometimes my heart
reasons with me;"
"sometimes I reason with my heart."
"My heart says, go, meet him!"
"I take a step;
I falter to a stop."
Mr. Kanahiya!
-Take a look at this!
-What's up? -Read it!
-Read? -Read it.. see who wrote it!
-One Pawan Malhotra.
-The film director!
-Didn't he direct CHAHAT?
That's him all right!
He has signed me up to score the
music for his forthcoming film.
-What are saying?! -Really?!
-Yes! And I can't believe it!
Pawan Malhotra patted my
shoulder and said...
"You're a very talented fellow!
How come I didn't meet you before?"
He liked my songs very much!
Thank God for that. And
congratulations!
Hey Moolchand!
Take a look at this! Get that?!
All right. Understood.
So you've got money! When
are you going to pay me up?
I haven't yet received money.
I've just signed the contract.
I'll get the money soon. Let's
celebrate with tea for everyone.
-Very well... er... What do you mean?
-It's on me, of course.
-You should've said so. Come on in.
-I'll have a cup of tea too!
Sunil. Sunil, Sunil!
Are you going to become
the greatest music director now?
That I'll become. But, do you know
what I'm going to do before that?
-What? -Your birthday is
coming up, isn't it. -Oh yes.
-I'll get you a surprise gift
for your birthday. -Really?
-Yes. -What's it going to be?
-How can I tell you about it now?
It's surprise.
I know what! Isn't it something
I showed you the other day?
Well
Is it yellow in color?
The battery operated car!
I love you my dear,
I love you.
Excuse me.
-Where does Mr. Rohit Kumar live?
-I'm Rohit Kumar.
Ms. Kiran has sent this for you.
It's Mummy's car!
Hey folks! Come on quick! Take a
look at this. It's my Mummy's car!
What's it?
It's a letter from Kiran.
She wants to celebrate Sonu's
birthday. She has invited us over.
You'll go over, won't you?
You should go, Rohit.
Tell her that we will come. But,
there's no need to sent the car.
Wow!
You mustn't be naughty, Sonu.
And you must speak to
everyone politely, understand?
-Are you listening to me?
-Yes. Okay.
If anyone offers you
anything to eat, don't be greedy.
Refuse it politely. But if you must
have it, say thanks afterwards.
Sonu has arrived.
Sonu!
Mom!
-Hello, Kiran.
-Hi!
-I hope we aren't late.
-No problem.
I was worried that
you wouldn't come.
But, I have come.
Madam.
Thank you.
Kiran!
Cake, cake.
Happy birthday to you
Happy birthday dear Sonu
Wow!
Let me introduce you... my wife,
Lajwanti... and... Mrs. Tolaram.
Hello!
You are cheating cheating.
No, no.
Sorry for leaving you
alone for a while.
Only a while, wasn't it?
-I get childish when I'm with kids.
-You've always been childish.
No Never.
Sonu is still cheating at the
game. He's just like you!
You're looking lovely.
Oh really. Thank you.
Come over here for a moment, Kiran.
I'll be back in a moment.
Won't you meet others around?
We have other guests too.
Have you invited everyone to watch
you prancing with that fellow?
I'll leave this
party if you speak so.
You must consider your status.
-You're a star. And, journalists
are attending. -Who invited them?
I wanted to celebrate a birthday.
You've made a circus out of it.
Don't teach me what to
do and what not to.
Hello.
As of now, just stay away from
him. We have other guests here too.
-Happy tidings, Mr. Ramdayal.
-Thank you.
-Happy tidings to you too.
-Hello. Hi.
-Excuse me.
-What's up? Any problem?
-Nothing at all.
They might not have taken a
liking to my presence.
-I should've sent Sonu here alone.
-But why? I wanted you to come too.
I wanted all of us to
celebrate Sonu's birthday together.
I've taken a lot of pains
to organize this party.
And now, these people...
...they've spoilt my mood.
It's okay.
Mom! Save me.
-Mom help me!
-Sonu!
-I've asked you not to run around!
-Hey fatso! You won't catch me!
-Let me go! He'll catch me!
-Let him.
-I got caught because of you!
-That's just as well.
Now you can sit
with Mummy for a while.
My child!
What's that mark?
I was playing on the side.
And I fell down.
-Oh no!
-And it bled a lot.
-Did it take stitches?
-Yes 8 stitches.
How did it happen?
My mistake. I wasn't careful.
And he didn't listen.
It didn't hurt his eyes, thank God!
I could never have forgiven myself.
-And I didn't even cry.
-Really?
You are brave boy.
-Come on, Mummy. I want to
see your house. -Let's go.
-Come along too, will you?
-No. Just go on. -All right.
Thank you.
-See you later.
-Excuse us.
-Greetings.
-Have you had the cakes and other
goodies? -Yes I have, thank you.
-Had enough?
-Not yet. I'll have some more.
-Seen the villa?
-Yes. It's a huge one.
It stretches right up to the beach.
-There's a swimming pool back there.
-I see!
-It cost a million bucks.
-Fantastic.
Are you still at
song-and-dance at the hotel?
Well, you see...
-Glory be to The Divine mother.
-Greetings, Mr. Gulbadan Kumar.
-Greetings. -Happy tidings
on your son's birthday.
I'm very upset with him, I am! Tell
me, is this any way to behave?!
You're the sole object of discussion
in the film business nowadays.
You are famous in
whole film industry.
He has scored such lovely songs;
and he has put Amar Kaushik to shame!
Well, you've become a very
important person nowadays.
But you mustn't forget simple folks
like me. Do call up once in a while.
-Never mind that. But you must get
me the music rights. -Sure.
-Together, we'll make a stupendous
success out of it. -Surely.
Divine Mother be praised!
A heroine and a music
director in the family!
No dearth of money! I suggest you
become a film producer. Say what?!
-Excuse me.
-Oh yes. -Be back soon.
-How many films have you signed?
-Just one till now.
You'll get many more, I'm sure.
But take care about signing films.
What'd you like to have?
Whisky or rum?
I've stopped drinking.
May The Divine Mother bless you!
A Coca-cola for the gentleman, please.
Hello there! Nowadays, you
don't seem to care for us.
That isn't the case at all.
In fact, we were discussing you.
After all, he has rising star
with him. Mr. Rohit Kumar!
The singer and composer.
A two-in-one!
Rohit!
Rohit cheers.
Congratulations! So
even you've got a film!
What I don't understand is
how he bagged the film.
Because there still are people who
value caliber. Not names.
I see! But I think that behind
every successful man lies a woman.
But slightly different in this case;
a successful woman behind the man!
-What do you mean? -Can a woman
who is beautiful and successful...
...not do as much for her husband?
-Surely she can do!
-What nonsense are you speaking?
-Do you think Pawan Malhotra has...
...signed you because he
likes your rotten songs?
-We were supposed to sign this film.
-You've got it because of your wife.
Don't believe it, d'you?
Why! It's commonplace.
Come here, Mr. Tolaram.
-Come here, Mr. Tolaram.
-What's up, gentlemen?
Tell him... go on! Tell him how
he has landed this film.
Oh forget it!
-Go on, speak up. Tell him!
-He has scored some very good songs.
To hell with the songs!
You had signed us.
Well yes, I did...
-On his wife's say-so, you threw us
out! Correct? -Nothing of the sort!
-She had merely... -D'you
hear that, Mister two-in-one?
It happens dear. Everything
goes in this business.
-People do use their good-looking
wives too. -Oh yes. They do.
Listen!
Look... look at what's going on
over there. Go on... over there.
Leave me.
Someone bashes me up... and you're
trying to patch up! What's going on?
That's true! He couldn't
cook anything. Not even eggs!
-Really?! How is it now? -Nowadays
he has picked up a few things.
-He makes a dish out of potatoes
now and then. -Of potatoes?! -Yes.
Sometimes, there are excess of
turmeric in it. But, I make do.
Oh hello, Rohit. Come in.
Go downstairs, Sunil.
One minute please,
daddy, I want to tell mummy...
I asked you to go downstairs!
What's up, Rohit?
Wait for me downstairs.
Did you speak to Pawan
Malhotra about me?
Did you ask him to replace me with
Amar Kaushik as a music director?
-Why are you asking me this?
-Did you tell him, or, didn't you?
Give me an answer, Kiran.
Yes.
-Why?
-Because I wanted to help you.
I don't want your help!
I don't want anyone's help!
-Won't I succeed without your help?
-That's not the case, Rohit.
D'you want to prove that you're
so big that you can make anyone?
I've never thought of it that
way, Rohit. I did it because...
...I know that you can score
better music than those fellows.
That's what I wanted
to prove on my own.
And now, you've spoiled everything.
People will say that I've succeeded
because my wife helped me.
My success will never be mine!
-I can't do it! -Tell Pawan
Malhotra that I won't do this film!
Don't lose your head, Rohit.
Pawan Malhotra liked your music.
That's why he has signed you.
I haven't forced him to.
What does it matter if a few
people tell you a lot of nonsense?
I'm your wife. If I don't
help you, who else will?
I see! So can you walk out on me,
or come to my aid at your sweet will?
You don't want to help me. You just
want to show off your magnanimity.
You want to show me how
small I am, compared to you.
And you want to show your concern
for me though you live apart.
You've always thought ill of me.
You've always got me wrong.
Why must I try to understand
you in the first place?
I don't want to understand you.
Nor do I want to see you ever!
Don't ever try to meet me again!
Stop! Rohit!
-Don't step inside this house ever!
-Listen to me! Please!
Come to your senses!
How did all this come here?
Look, Daddy! My birthday
presents! Mummy sent these over.
This is a military jeep. It
turns around whenever it collides.
Look! Here's a remote control car.
Why can't we live in Mummy's house?
Don't you like this house?
-This home is fine, but...
-What of it?
But her house is so
big... and it's so nice.
She has 3 TV sets.
We don't have a single one.
What did Mummy tell you
at this party yesterday?
She said that she
loves me very much.
What did you tell her?
That she's the best Mummy on earth.
So now you want to
live with Mummy, do you?
-I'm asking you something.
-Do you know something?
Mummy is going to buy the
battery-operated car for me.
-Did you ask her for it?
-No, I just told her that I like it.
She said that she'd buy it for me.
Why did you have to ask her for it?
I was supposed to buy it for you.
-You haven't got it yet.
-But I was to get it for your birthday.
-And now, my birthday is gone.
-All right. I know that.
I'll get you that car today.
-Promise?
-Promise.
Understood? I'll get
it today! For you.
My car is coming today!
-How much does that car cost?
-5000 Rupees. -5000?! -Yes.
-It's a bit too much for that car.
-Fixed price. Take it or leave it.
-An advance of 5000 Rupees?!
-I need the money, Sir.
So you need all of 5000 Rupees!
D'you hear that, Mr. Godwill?
You may deduct a thousand rupees
every month out of my salary.
-It'd be adjusted within 5 months.
-Will you be here for 5 months?
Seems like you've got a chance
to sing in some third rate film.
And now, you're looking for
chance to give me the slip.
No, Sir.
That isn't the case at all!
I've forgotten these dreams.
The only person I have to
myself is my 6 year old son.
Yesterday was his birthday.
And I had promised him a gift.
A gift... worth 5000 bucks!
D'you hear that. Mr. Godwill?! I've
never given a single gift to my son.
And my good man wants to give a
gift worth 5000 bucks to his son!
You've spun a good spiel. But, I'm
not one to be taken in my your story.
-Please try to understand...
-Don't waste my time. And back to work!
Let's get working. We don't have
a circus happening here, do we?
-So you won't let me have the
money will you? -Not at all.
What are you doing?! I'll call
the police! Stop him, Godwill!
What hooliganism is this?
Waiter, waiter, waiter look.
Put it down on my account.
Stop him!
Catch him!
Snatch the money from him!
Know something, aunt Farida? Daddy
is getting me a battery-powered car.
Is that so? That's
good news, I say.
It's getting late.
Time to have dinner.
I won't eat now.
I'll eat when Daddy comes home.
No knowing when he'll return.
I must go home and get my
kids to do their homework.
-Go on... eat your dinner quickly.
-No. I won't eat now.
Very well. I'm leaving the food
here. Eat it when you feel hungry.
Daddy!
When did you return?
I didn't even get to know!
Where's the car, Daddy?
-Why haven't you eaten yet?
-I was waiting for you.
You mustn't stay awake so
late. I don't like this at all.
I was waiting so we
could eat together.
I'm sorry Sonu.
I'm sorry.
-What's happened, Daddy?
-I lost my son. I have lost.
Don't cry.
-Please don't cry, Daddy.
-My son asked me for only one thing.
And I couldn't get it for him.
This is the worst
defeat in my life.
I don't want that car, Daddy.
Really... I don't want it.
No, no.
Here... I have some money.
And I'm going to get more.
And I'm going to
get that car for you.
I love you.
I love you to Daddy.
But, please stop
drinking, Daddy. Please.
I'll get that car
for you, Sonu. I will.
Sonu.. I love you, Sonu.
I love you.
-Excuse me.
-Yes, sir.
-Mr. Pawan Malhotra has summoned
me here. -Please follow me.
Please forgive me, Rohit. I've had
you summoned here using the alias.
Else, you wouldn't have come.
I want to discuss something.
Is anything worth discussing?
Please sit down, Rohit.
You had told me something the other
day. All I want to know is whether...
...it is your final decision.
-Why?
Are you still firm about
not meeting me ever again?
Absolutely.
-In that ease, I want my son.
-What was it you said?!
-I want Sonu to live with me.
-You want Sonu! Incredible!
How could you even think of it?
You left him when he needed you.
-D'you want me to... -You haven't
seen him in a year and a half.
You haven't even asked if he's dead
or alive. And now you want him!
Sonu needs me.
-He'll be happy with me.
-And, isn't he happy with me?
Now wait a minute! D'you mean to
say that I can't keep him happy?
-I didn't say so. -D'you think
you can give him more happiness...
...because you're wealthy?
-Please don't shout, Rohit.
-Why mustn't I!
I don't care for your society.
I'm his mother.
And you can't deny my right.
Neither can you mine!
I'm his father.
And he stays with me.
I'd even go to court to get Sonu.
Well, how do I play that?
Just like Daddy, don't I?
I'm sorry for having
touched the piano, Daddy.
In terms of this notice, Ms.
Kiran seeks a divorce from you.
And, she wants that the child
be placed in her custody.
All I want is my son.
I'll tell you something
before I take the case.
In such cases, the decision
generally favors the mother.
I have been parenting him
for nearly two years now.
-She had abandoned the child.
-Yet, Ms. Kiran remains the mother.
Besides, she's a successful woman.
You don't have a job. That's worse.
-Sir.
-Yes.
Mane sir has send file.
Here is no signature
Go and get signature.
-And give that file also.
-Yes sir.
You'd have to pay for court fees and
mine to the extent of 50 or 60,000.
That's irrespective of whether you
win or lose. D'you have the money?
-Yes. Please prepare the brief.
-Very well.
You may come here on Wednesday
at 10 am. We'll discuss the case.
Please bring 20,000 towards
expenses in advance All right.
Yes.
I can pay 15,000 for
all these instruments.
15000 only! How come?!
The piano is worth at least
20,000. I'd bought it for 30,000.
I should get at least 40,000
for all the instruments.
This is business for me. I should
be able to earn a bit out of this.
-Well, give me at least 25,000.
-I can't pay more than 15,000.
-Very well, you may leave.
-You seem to be cross with me, Sir.
We don't want to sell.
Now, please leave.
It's yours, do as you please.
-Please leave.
-Excuse me, gentleman.
What a waste of time!
Why did they call me at all?
Have you gone out of your mind?
Can a junk dealer appreciate these?
You're worrying for nothing. Sell
my furniture to raise the money.
No. You've already
done so much for me.
-I'll sell my songs.
-Sell your songs?!
-To whom?
-To Amar Kaushik.
You've really gone
out of your mind.
He's willing to pay
me 1000 for every song.
Who gets the credit?
-They get the credits.
-You mustn't do such a thing.
These are fruits of your labor.
They're your hopes, your dreams.
How can you give
that away to someone?
Your songs are beautiful, Rohit.
You must get credit for these songs.
That's what I thought too.
I thought my songs were beautiful.
But, I've tried for so many years.
And, no one seems to like them.
And, at long last, I think
I have been entirely wrong.
-My songs might really be worthless.
-I don't agree to that.
-You're making a big mistake, Rohit.
-I may be. But, if in exchange...
...for these, I can have Sonu,
then these songs are priceless.
Else, these are no more
than scribbling on paper.
"Why did you break my heart?"
"Why did you fallen in love?"
"Why did you go away.
Away away away away."
"Why did you steal my heart"
"when you had to break it?"
"Why did you fall in love with me"
"when you had to spurn me?"
"Why did you steal my heart"
"when you had to break it?"
"Why did you fall in love with me"
"when you had to spurn me?"
"Why did you break my heart?"
"Why did you fallen in love?"
"Why did you go away.
Away away away away."
"You taught my heart how to beat;"
"you taught my heart
how to writhe in pain."
"Somehow tears stayed
hidden in my eyes;"
"you taught them how to brim over."
"Why did you settle into my breast"
"when you had to
toy with my heart?"
"Why did you fall in love with me"
"when you had to spurn me?"
"Why did you steal my heart?"
"Why did you break my heart?""
"Why did you fallen in love?"
"Why did you go away.
Away away away away."
"Whenever our gazes met,"
"it was like flames
rose from my heart."
"From my breath something
drifted out like smoke;"
"it was made from me,
neither living nor dying."
"Why did you set me on fire when"
"you'd have to extinguish
and forsake my heart?"
"Why did you fall in love with me"
"when you'd have to spurn me?"
The filmfare award for the Best
music director, this year for...
...the song DIL MERA CHURAYA
KYON goes to Amar Kaushik.
Yes, Mr. Bhokwani.
You may proceed.
Mr. Rohit Kumar's attorney
has sent me this letter today.
He has agreed to divorce Ms. Kiran.
But he has refused the prayer to
place Ms. Kiran's son Sunil Kumar...
...under her custody.
The case therefore rests
upon the contention...
...as to who may have custody of
the child.
Before arguing the case
I'll present some witnesses.
This lawyer is a tough one.
I shall speak the truth,
and nothing but the truth.
Can you tell the court something
about your daughter, Mrs. Ramdayal?
My daughter is a simple girl, and
has all the qualities of a girl...
...who has had a respectable
upbringing. She's an obedient girl.
Why then, did she marry Rohit
Kumar against your wishes?
That's the only mistake she
has committed in all her life.
And, she's still
suffering for her mistake.
This man had treated
her so cruelly that...
...she was forced to leave
his house at midnight.
Thank you Mrs. Ramdayal.
You may step down.
Can you tell the court about Rohit
Kumar's character, Mr. Ramdayal?
What can I say about a
man who has no character?
He's a scoundrel; and he's wayward.
You mustn't consider his appearance.
He inveigled my daughter using
those looks, and with his words.
-Really?! -He claimed to be
a singer of great caliber.
And he said that he was going to
become a famous music director.
He's still where he was.
And look at my daughter!
She came out, and now, she's so
successful. And we don't want...
...Sonu to live with him,
because the boy will turn wayward.
Thank you,
Mr. Ramdayal.
Has Rohit Kumar ever shied away
from fulfilling his responsibilities?
-No. -Has he ever tried to
shirk responsibility? -No.
-Has he been negligent
towards his son? -Never.
In fact, he spends
most of his time with his son.
He plays with the boy;
amuses him;...
...reads stories to him and takes
him outdoors. Sunil is his very life.
I've seen very few fathers who
would do as much for their children.
Thank you very much, Mrs. Farida.
That's all your honour.
Your witness Mr. Bhojwani.
Farida.
For how many years
have you known Mrs. Kiran?
Some 7 years now.
Good.
Has Ms. Kiran ever told
you about her personal life?
I objection mylord.
Questions about Ms. Kiran's personal
life may be addressed to her only.
Overruled
Did she tell you anything about
her personal life.
-Yes. -What?
-She was unhappy.
-With whom was she unhappy?
-She was unhappy about Rohit.
-Did Ms. Kiran ever tell you...
...that Rohit Kumar doesn't
care about his son at all?
Please reply, Ms. Farida.
I haven't yet heard you.
Yes. But, that had
happened before Kiran left.
Maybe. But he...
...didn't care about his son at all.
Now, Ms. Farida, can you tell me...
...if you ever advised Ms. Kiran
to break away? -No. I did not.
3 days before she walked out,
did you not tell her that:
"If you are so unhappy, it'd
be better for you to leave"?
Yes. But I never thought that she'd
really do something like that.
"If you are so unhappy, it'd be
better for you to leave Rohit"
Kiran was a good friend. And, I was
concerned about her. I still am.
-And whatever I told her...
-Was born out of your feeling that...
...had Kiran lived on with Rohit,
she would've gone mad or could've...
...had a nervous breakdown, or she
may have even been driven to suicide.
-But I... -D'you want an innocent
child to live with such a man!
That's all milord.
You're making a big mistake, Kiran.
Rohit has changed completely.
Order order.
He is no more what he used to
be. Listen to me, Kiran. Please!
Don't take Sonu away from Rohit.
He needs Sunil. Without him...
-Order, order please!
-Please don't do this to him.
If you do not step down, it will be
regarded as a contempt of this court.
I can't quite understand how you're
going about this case, Mr. Bhatija.
At this rate, we're going to
lose... out of the way, please.
Our witnesses are saying the truth.
And her lawyer is twisting facts.
D'you want me to tell lies too?
Must I stoop to Bhojwani's level?
D'you want me to raise a stink
over Ms. Kiran's personal life?
Am I to prove that she's deranged?
Must I accuse her of adultery?
-But that isn't true!
-Are you concerned about the truth?
Or, do you want your son? Tell me.
I'll handle the case accordingly.
I can present false witnesses as
he does. Do you want me to do that?
No. Do it honestly.
I'm sorry.
Look at her now. She has done well
for herself. She's the ideal woman.
She is the ultimate woman.
Thank you.
Mr. Bhatiga.
No question.
My lord.
My next witness is
Mr. Moolchand Gangar.
-Where did he transpire from?
-I have no idea.
-Who is he?
-The grocer in my neighborhood.
-We don't get along too well.
-You haven't told me about him.
-Is your shop located under
Rohit Kumar's residence? -Exactly.
In that case, you might be
knowing Rohit well.
Very well indeed.
-I've heard that he buys groceries
from your shop on credit. -Always.
-He might also be settling
your dues. -No. -Doesn't he?!
Why then do you still
let him enjoy your credit?
I allow credits to everyone. You
buy from me and you get credit.
Did you threaten to lodge a
complaint with the police, when...
...he had gotten
drunk and beaten you up?
If I told tales about your wife,
you would've bashed are up too.
Does it mean that
you aren't a good man?
It's not a question of being good
or bad. It's more a matter of intent.
-Now, did he pay you up after
the incident? -No, he didn't.
Now how does a man run his
household under the circumstances?
How can such a person
look after his son?
You mean his son, Sunil?
-Yes. -He'd give his life for Sunil.
He loves his son very much.
He loves his son more than
I can ever love my son.
Love can't satiate hunger.
And what can one who has wrecked
his home provide for his son?
Rohit Kumar has not
wrecked his own family.
It's she... that woman sitting over
there? She has wrecked the family!
Please answer questions put to
you. Do not try to give a verdict.
Forgive me if I have erred. This is
my first ever appearance in court.
-I came here because he summoned me.
-You may leave now.
What you say is true. I've hated
Rohit Kumar for not repaying me.
I've even quarreled
with him for my money.
But my money isn't the bone of
contention. This is about his son.
You asked me what he'd do for his
son. Well, he has sold himself!
It might be easy for Ms. Kiran
to foot the bill for this lawsuit.
She's a famous heroine.
And she has loads of money.
But, it wasn't easy for Rohit. Do
you know what he did for his son?
He sold his life's savings...
his music... to Amar Kaushik.
They are now taking
credit for his music.
-Rohit Kumar must've told you that.
-No he didn't. But I know better.
I've heard all his songs so often,
it's still coming out of my ears.
The song "RAJ A KO RANI SE
PYAR HO GAYA"...it's Rohit's.
I'm telling you the truth! The song
wasn't written by Amar Kaushik.
Mrs. Kiran.
-Do you love your son?
-Yes. I love him dearly.
Why did you leave him?
He used to think that I'll remain
a failure. It ruined my confidence.
I became fatalistic
about my failures.
I was confused, and
I started losing my confidence.
I felt stifled and confused.
I was scared. And I left my home.
Then, I'd thought it better for
Sunil's sake not to take him along.
Why then do you seek
custody of your son now?
I know I had deserted him. I can
never forgive myself for the mistake.
But, the situation has changed.
And, I am confident of myself.
I can look after Sonu very well.
After all I reared him for 5 years.
Must my child be taken away from me
because I've been away for 2 years?
He needs me now.
But I don't say that he
doesn't need his father.
But, he's still a child. He needs a
mother more than he needs a father.
And, I'm his mother.
I'm his mother!
Thank you.
That's all.
Mrs. Kiran.
You've spent nearly 6
years with your husband.
-Has he ever manhandled you?
-No. He hasn't.
-Did he use abusive language?
-No.
Has he ever ill-treated your son?
No.
-Do you regard your husband
to be a drunkard? -No.
Has he ever had relations with other
women... in the nature of infidelity?
-No. -Then, the reason for your
desertion becomes amply clear.
With whom did you have the longest
lasting relationship before marriage?
-With my parents. -And you spent
some 22 years with them. -Yes.
But, you married Rohit Kumar
against their wishes. Right?
Yes. That's because I loved Rohit.
I see.
With whom, apart your parents have
you shared the longest relationship?
-With my son Sunil, I think.
-You spent 5 years with him.
And you've met him
only once afterwards!
Now consider your husband. Don't
you think you've shared a...
...very long
relationship with him?
I didn't hear you, Ms. Kiran.
-Yes. -And how many years in all,
prior to your marriage...
...and afterwards have you
shared this relationship with him?
-Nearly 7 years. -7 years!
Which means that you have failed...
...to sustain a relationship by
marriage, a social institution...
...that is held holy and of
irrevocable bondage in our culture!
-Objection milord!
-Over ruled.
-Please state your reply, Ms. Kiran.
-Tell us, Ms. Kiran...
D'you agree that you've failed
to sustain the relationship.
-No, I didn't fail. -Didn't you?!
Would you rate this as a success?
-Your marriage is on the rocks.
-We have failed each other.
Not "both of us", Ms. Kiran.
It's you. You have failed!
You walked out on your husband.
He didn't.
You failed the relationship.
-It's the marriage which failed.
-Not the marriage. You failed!
You've failed to sustain the most
precious relationship of your life.
Is that true? Or, isn't it?
-Say it aloud. I didn't hear you.
Is it true? Or, isn't it? -Yes.
Your honour.
She walked out on her
parents after 22 years.
husband for 7 years.
What guarantee that she won't desert
her child after another 2 or 3 years?
D'you think that your
case stands weakened now?
-No comments please.
-One question.
You haven't lost a single
suit till date, Mr. Bhojwani.
-But it seems that you're going
to lose this one. -No comments please.
Your honour.
Generally, It's the woman who
is favored in disputes like this.
That's because she's
a woman and a mother.
But presently, the questions
revolve around the child.
As I understand, this Court will
decide in the child's interest...
...about what's good for Sunil.
I've been looking after
him for nearly 2 years now.
I've learnt something.
And, I have understood much.
And slowly, I've understood what
it takes to be a good father.
It takes patience. One needs to
spend a lot of time with the child.
For hours, I've heard him
talk of strange fantasies.
I'd get tired of listening to him.
But, I'd go on listening despite.
One must reply to a thousand
questions he has to ask.
One must be there with him whenever
need be, so he might not feel lonely.
To do all that, one must love.
And I don't know where it's written
that a woman can love more than a man.
Must a mother always love the
child more than the father?
I do not say that the child
cannot have a better upbringing.
I've always tried my best.
Sometimes I'd scold him and he'd
go to bed with a heavy heart.
Up next morning, we'd have breakfast
together and we'd laugh and talk.
It was all as if
nothing had happened.
Later, I'd drop him to school.
And while returning from school...
...he would tell me about what
had happened all day in school.
We used to dine together.
And afterwards
I'd tell him stories.
We've created a world for ourselves.
And it took a lot of love to do that.
If this is destroyed, we
can never build it again.
Don't do this, Kiran.
Please don't do this to me again.
Rohit.
You've told the court that it must
decide in the interest of your son.
Yes.
Did you work at the Copper Chimney
restaurant when you met Ms. Kiran?
-Yes,
-How much salary did you draw then?
3000 Rupees a month.
But, you were dismissed
from the job, weren't you?
I wasn't dismissed. I left
that job of my own volition.
You left the job!
And I thought that people take...
...on greater
responsibilities after marriage!
I wanted to rise in life.
I wanted to become
a successful singer.
You must've received
several offers for singing.
I did get an offer
from Amar Kaushik.
From Amar Kaushik! Lovely!
But I don't think you have sung
in any of his films. Or, have you?
-I had dropped the film.
-Left that too!
Why?
Differences had
cropped up between us.
I see... differences! And
what did you do afterwards?
I went back to the earlier job.
-At Copper Chimney? -Yes.
And how much salary were you paid?
I didn't hear you, Mr. Rohit.
How much salary were you paid?
-2500 rupees.
-2500?! Down from 3000 to 2500!
You're the first person ever to
climb down the ladder to success.
And I do not think it to
be in your son's interest.
Anyway.
On September 13, you tried to
rob 5000 rupees from the cashier.
-Objection my lord.
-Overruled
No. I didn't try to rob.
I was asking for a loan.
You tried to take the money forcibly.
And when waiters in the restaurant...
...tried to apprehend you,
you fought with them physically.
I was merely taking a loan.
And I had intended to repay it.
Not only fisticuffs. Furniture was
broken and the restaurant losses.
For the crime, Mr. Rohit Kumar had
spend some time in a police-lockup.
-Is it so, or, isn't it?
-Why don't you try to understand?
Please reply to my question in
the affirmative or the negative.
I'm trying to give a reply. And I can't
do that in a mere "yes" or "no".
I was taking an advance. It was
to be deducted form my salary.
My son had asked for gift on his
birthday. And, I promised the gift.
Stop shouting! Else, this
court holds you for contempt.
Mr. Bhojwani you may proceed.
Were you confined in the
police lock up, or, weren't you?
-Yes. I was confined.
-Good.
-Now, do you consider yourself
to be a responsible father? -Yes.
Was your son was about to lose an
eye because you were irresponsible?
-Objection my lord.
-Overruled
Was your son Sunil
about to lose an eye?
He was playing in the park.
And he fell down.
He fell down because
you were careless!
-And he was about to lose on eye!
-It was an accident.
-It could've happened to anyone.
-Didn't you tell Ms. Kiran that he...
...fell down because
you were careless...
...and that he was
about to lose an eye?
Tell us, Mr. Rohit, is
it true? Or, isn't it?
-Yes. -Do you concede that your son
could've lost an eye for your fault?
Yes.
That's all your honour.
I had no idea that my lawyer
would drag that into the court.
He had asked me a lot of question.
I had merely answered
his questions.
I know you aren't at fault.
Please believe me.
I didn't do it willingly.
Rohit, Rohit please.
After hearing the depositors made by
witnesses, this court has decided...
...that the child Sunil Kumar be
placed under Mrs. Kiran's custody.
Congratulations.
Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!
Vacations start from today.
It's a month long vacation!
We'll go to Matheran during
the vacation, won't we?
-Would you like an ice-cream?
-No. I want an ice-candy.
Come on.
Do you know something. Daddy? All
the kids in my class are going...
...to Simla on a school trip.
But, I'm not going with them.
I'll go to Matheran with you. We'll
have lots of fun out there, won't we?
We'll fly kites over there. And
I'll carry the cricket kit with me too.
"Believe this,
if tomorrow the whole world"
"Does not stand by me"
"Who then is the
companion of my journey?"
Sonu!
Yes.
I want to tell you something.
This is a present from me.
It's a seasoned ball.
Do come over to play cricket.
We'll have a match.
Oh yes. You'll play for my team.
And we'll beat the grocer's team.
-Mr. Ramdayal called up to say
that the car is coming. -I see.
Carry the luggage down.
Let's go downstairs.
Don't cry, Sonu. Come on. You'll
enjoy yourself at Mummy's house.
You'll have lots
of toys over there.
And I'll come down to see you too.
C'mon cheer up.
-Take him down, Farida. I'll be
with you in sometime. -Very well.
Where's your bat, Sunil?
Where's your bat?
He must've forgotten it.
I'll fetch it.
-Come along, son.
Sonu has gone downstairs.
-I want to tell you something, Rohit.
-What?
This is Sonu's bat.
He forgot to take it.
I bought a full
cricket kit yesterday.
Why?! Isn't this bat
good for him anymore?
No. It's just that I remembered
that Sonu is fond of cricket.
Not only that. I've bought him
all the toys he could ever want.
I've made him a room that
looks just like the one here.
The same bed; a small table;
and a similar cupboard.
And I've painted the walls
the same shade of color.
All because I want to
make Sonu feel at home.
And then I realized
that this is his home.
A few articles can't
make a home for anyone.
Sonu stays here. This is his home.
Over the past few days, our lives
and our sentiments were laid bare.
You must've been hurt. I know that.
And today I know that nothing
matters more than the relationship.
I'm sorry for everything
that has happened.
You're staying here,
Sonu... with your father.
This is your home.
Kiran..
This is your home too.